Boss, you are a five-star Michelin chef.
Why don't you want to start a business and open a dessert shop?
My little sister liked to steal cakes when she was a child
When I open all the chain stores around the world
She can taste the cake I made by hand
Hello old 6
Little sister found it
Really? OK.
Dr. Lu's surgery just now
Fortunately, you helped the patient stop the bleeding in time.
Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable
The little aunt is the patient
It is the responsibility of our doctors.
But your medical skills are so superb
Should go to brain surgery
How did you become a dentist?
Because my sister has a sweet tooth.
But old cavities
Or one day he comes to the doctor with a toothache
I can see him
My sister can
news
Didn't you say that your sister has been found?